so how come you wanted to eat it tonight
because I wanted to give you this are
you a puppy contact paper you never
really know what to say when someone
you're sleeping with gives you contact
paper there's more see the contact paper
is to go in your brand new drawer see if
a drawer actually goes in my dresser yes
I did yes I did because you're my
girlfriend and that's what girlfriends
should get Wow
I gotta buy a vowel that someday
Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer not
me but that's what's happened and and
and there's more we should take a trip
yep we're a couple and that's er what
couples do and I want to meet your
parents we should take a trip with your
parents
I don't think we need sue because you're
tripping me out right now are you okay
I am I actually am I mean this is
amazing
my entire life I have feared this place
and now that I'm here it's like what was
the big deal I mean I could probably say
let's move in together and I'd be okay
you probably want us to move in together
it doesn't scare me yeah well it scares
me yet Chandler you know you just
invited me over here for pasta and all
of a sudden you're like talking about
moving in together and I wasn't even
that hungry and I should just um pouco
I've scared you I've said too much
I'm hopeless and awkward and desperate
for love hey Janice it's me um-hmm yeah
I just wanted to apologize in advance
for having chases you down the street
here we go honey this will help
so I finally catch up to her and she
says this relationships going too fast
and we have to slow down and I got all
leave it she said she called me welcome
to our side of the tunnel you know
through the bag of barley at her and ran
out of the store my god Chandler we said
be aloof not a doof actually ruinous
have an eye it's time for the good ice
cream now right you know what
everything's gonna be okay hello hi
Janice can you hold on for a second okay
okay what do I do if we ever did what
you did a man would never call yes and
grumpy what are you stop naming torques
hello Janice hi I'm so glad that you
called I know I've been acting really
weird lately
and it's just because I'm crazy about
you
and I just got stupid and scared and and
and stupid a couple more times I'm sorry
really really it's so lucky if Janice
work.i she'd be sleeping with somebody
else by now I love you too
so unfair